Updated the Readme with more explicit instructions of how to upload a dotnet game (#3)
ComputerScienceHouse/devcade-flatpakify: README.md

1. Install Debian [WSL 2](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install): `wsl --install -d Debian`
2. See [the steps above for Debian](#Debian)

## Usage

```bash
devcade-flatpakify <GAME_ID> [GAME_DIR]
```
For more information, try:
```bash
devcade-flatpakify --help
```

### To flatpak a dotnet project for devcade:

First find the GAME_ID by navigating to the website.
If you have no created a game first do so by going to **Create Game** and following the instructions there.
After creating a game go to the **Games** tab click on your game, click on **upload** and on the right under **How To Upload** the GAME_ID will be shown and will look like: xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxx

Build your project if you have not done so already (make sure it is self contained):
```bash
dotnet publish -c Release -r linux-x64 --self-contained
```
Then navigate to the folder **containing** the publish directory.
The path to the directory containing the publish folder will look similar to: DevcadeGame/bin/Release/net10.0/linux-x64/ <br>
and run:
```bash
devcade-flatpackify <GAME_ID>
```

> or if you want to specify the path of the directory containing the publish folder more explicitly or without cd-ing to it everytime:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can specify the directory containing the publish folder as a command line argument argument:
```

```bash

> devcade-flatpackify <GAME_ID> <Path-to-publish-folder>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
devcade-flatpackify <GAME_ID> <Path-to-publish-folder-parent>
```
